The following is a description of my configuration files for killua (microSD install usually run on a ThinkPad X220) running Debian using xmonad as a window manager.
.bash_aliases: I need to edit this.
.bash_profile: I need to edit this.
.bashrc: I need to edit this.
.emacs: I need to edit this.
.msmtprc: This is what I use to send mail from my mail accounts.
.muttrc: Configuration file for mutt which changes how mutt runs and displays things. If you want to see how I setup accounts see my .msmtprc. This is setup to work with notmuch.
.offlineimaprc: offlineimap pulls my mail from all mail accounts through gmail. Notmuch hangs off of it.
.signature: My email signature.
.tahoe/tahoe.cfg: My Tahoe-LAFS config file for killua.
.xinitrc: This runs on startup and starts my programs.
.xmobarrc: My xmobar config file made for use with trayer and two processors.
.xmonad/xmonad.hs: My xmonad config file which is fairly standard and minimal.

The following are other files I need to keep track of but will not post for security reasons.
.bitcoin
.gnupg
.purple
.ssh
.tahoe/aliases
/etc/proxychains.conf
 
All other config files are unedited. Below, I have a list of programs I install when I have to reconstruct a new microSD. All of my files and mail are stored on a Tahoe-LAFS grid so with the files in this cache and the below list I can compeletely reconstruct my system as long as I have a debian install and an internet connection.
bash completion
xmonad
xmobar
dmrun
scrot
git
trayer
dmenu
emacs
mplayer
latex
abiword
network manager gnome
xfce power manager
xscreensaver
skype
bitcoin
tahoe-lafs
pidgin with pidgin-otr and pidgin-plugin-package (using last seen and contact availability prediction)
gnupg
tor
unzip
proxychains
evince
gparted
mutt
offlineimap
notmuch
vpn programs (check online)
iceweasel with adblock plus, https everywhere, noscript, ghostery, rikaichan, firemacs, vimperator, and user agent switcher
flash
drivers for computer

Additionally, I need to setup my VPN, disable the effects that show the screen on xscreensaver, and go through the settings of the iceweasel addons.

Each time I startup I need to exit the virtual terminal after starting x, change my mac address, and connect to VPN when connecting to internet. Every night before bed and other times as needed, I backup to Tahoe-LAFS.

Thank you for reading about my wonderful, secure, and customized system.

~M. C. McGrath (Shidash)
